---
specification_id: "sysml-2.0"
specification: "OMG Systems Modeling Language (SysML) Version 2.0, Part 1: Language Specification"
document_number: "formal/2026-03-02"
source_url: "https://www.omg.org/spec/SysML/2.0/Language/PDF"
source_sha256: "46e6c0476a6f1f34f367d57e039d56659bff75e41d2e4b3d37ca4cadea84a83a"
physical_page: 5
printed_page: "pdf-5"
generated: true
section_context_before_page: []
section_paths_starting_here: []
sections_starting_here: []
extraction_warnings: []
---

# sysml-2.0 physical page 5 (printed pdf-5)

## Extracted specification text

                        USE OF SPECIFICATION - TERMS, CONDITIONS & NOTICES

The material in this document details an Object Management Group specification in accordance with the
terms, conditions and notices set forth below. This document does not represent a commitment to
implement any portion of this specification in any companys products. The information contained in this
document is subject to change without notice.


                                                         LICENSES

The companies listed above have granted to the Object Management Group, Inc. (OMG) a nonexclusive,
royalty-free, paid up, worldwide license to copy and distribute this document and to modify this document
and distribute copies of the modified version. Each of the copyright holders listed above has agreed that
no person shall be deemed to have infringed the copyright in the included material of any such copyright
holder by reason of having used the specification set forth herein or having conformed any computer
software to the specification.

Subject to all of the terms and conditions below, the owners of the copyright in this specification hereby
grant you a fully-paid up, non-exclusive, nontransferable, perpetual, worldwide license (without the right to
sublicense), to use this specification to create and distribute software and special purpose specifications
that are based upon this specification, and to use, copy, and distribute this specification as provided
under the Copyright Act; provided that: (1) both the copyright notice identified above and this permission
notice appear on any copies of this specification; (2) the use of the specifications is for informational
purposes and will not be copied or posted on any network computer or broadcast in any media and will
not be otherwise resold or transferred for commercial purposes; and (3) no modifications are made to this
specification. This limited permission automatically terminates without notice if you breach any of these
terms or conditions. Upon termination, you will destroy immediately any copies of the specifications in
your possession or control.


                                                         PATENTS

The attention of adopters is directed to the possibility that compliance with or adoption of OMG
specifications may require use of an invention covered by patent rights. OMG shall not be responsible for
identifying patents for which a license may be required by any OMG specification, or for conducting legal
inquiries into the legal validity or scope of those patents that are brought to its attention. OMG
specifications are prospective and advisory only. Prospective users are responsible for protecting
themselves against liability for infringement of patents.


                                           GENERAL USE RESTRICTIONS

Any unauthorized use of this specification may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, and
communications regulations and statutes. This document contains information which is protected by
copyright. All Rights Reserved. No part of this work covered by copyright herein may be reproduced or
used in any form or by any means--graphic, electronic, or mechanical, including photocopying, recording,
taping, or information storage and retrieval systems--without permission of the copyright owner.


                                             DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

WHILE THIS PUBLICATION IS BELIEVED TO BE ACCURATE, IT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND MAY
CONTAIN ERRORS OR MISPRINTS. THE OBJECT MANAGEMENT GROUP AND THE COMPANIES
LISTED ABOVE MAKE NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO
THIS PUBLICATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY OF TITLE OR

---

Source: [OMG Systems Modeling Language (SysML) Version 2.0, Part 1: Language Specification](https://www.omg.org/spec/SysML/2.0/Language/PDF), formal/2026-03-02, physical page 5. The official PDF is authoritative.
